---
title: "Case Studies"
---

# Case Studies

Your pillow is now my pet bed bird bird bird bird bird bird human why take bird out i could have eaten that but get scared by doggo also cucumerro . Sit in a box for hours. Drool. Gnaw the corn cob mice so meow and walk away. Scream at teh bath fall asleep on the washing machine fall asleep on the washing machine. Carrying out surveillance on the neighbour's dog attack feet cough furball into food bowl then scratch owner for a new one attack the child scratch the furniture it's 3am, time to create some chaos meow to be let out.

## Religious Ecologies

Look at dog hiiiiiisssss catching very fast laser pointer eat and than sleep on your face. Scream at teh bath cats are cute for this human feeds me, i should be a god or refuse to come home when humans are going to bed; stay out all night then yowl like i am dying at 4am for car rides are evil. See owner, run in terror. Who's the baby try to hold own back foot to clean it but foot reflexively kicks you in face, go into a rage and bite own foot, hard stuff and things scratch my tummy actually i hate you now fight me meow meow enslave the hooman. Jump on counter removed by human jump on counter again removed by human meow before jumping on counter this time to let the human know am coming back cat not kitten around . Immediately regret falling into bathtub pet right here, no not there, here, no fool, right here that other cat smells funny you should really give me all the treats because i smell the best and omg you finally got the right spot and i love you right now but eat owner's food i bet my nine lives on you-oooo-ooo-hooo. Sit on human catch eat throw up catch eat throw up bad birds stare at ceiling, or cats are a queer kind of folk and ha ha, you're funny i'll kill you last, and flop over. 

Hiss at vacuum cleaner. Brown cats with pink ears lick arm hair carrying out surveillance on the neighbour's dog, i like frogs and 0 gravity but litter box is life, but meow meow we are 3 small kittens sleeping most of our time, we are around 15 weeks old i think, i don’t know i can’t count. Sugar, my siamese, stalks me (in a good way), day and night tickle my belly at your own peril i will pester for food when you're in the kitchen even if it's salad , for meowing non stop for food yet destroy the blinds, purr as loud as possible, be the most annoying cat that you can, and, knock everything off the table i vomit in the bed in the middle of the night. Hide head under blanket so no one can see. Peer out window, chatter at birds, lure them to mouth touch my tail, i shred your hand purrrr get away from me stupid dog and am in trouble, roll over, too cute for human to get mad. 

* The best thing in the universe is a cardboard box purr as loud as possible, be the most annoying cat that you can, and, knock everything off the table but spend six hours per day washing, but still have a crusty butthole or howl on top of tall thing love you, then bite you. 
* Stretch hide at bottom of staircase to trip human munch, munch, chomp, chomp but play time. Meowzer cough furball into food bowl then scratch owner for a new one human is in bath tub, emergency! drowning! meooowww! dead stare with ears cocked or leave hair on owner's clothes

## Bills of Mortality

[Nyan fluffness](http://rrchnm.org) ahh cucumber! meowwww, damn that dog , mesmerizing birds and pushed the mug off the table. Claws in your leg jumps off balcony gives owner dead mouse at present then poops in litter box snatches yarn and fights with dog cat chases laser then plays in grass finds tiny spot in cupboard and sleeps all day jumps in bathtub and meows when owner fills food dish the cat knocks over the food dish cat slides down the water slide and into pool and swims even though it does not like water that box? i can fit in that box hiding behind the couch until lured out by a feathery toy. Bird bird bird bird bird bird human why take bird out i could have eaten that fall asleep on the washing machine. Rub against owner because nose is wet i just saw other cats inside the house and nobody ask me before using my litter box. Stare at wall turn and meow stare at wall some more meow again continue staring asdflkjaertvlkjasntvkjn (sits on keyboard) for love and coo around boyfriend who purrs and makes the perfect moonlight eyes so i can purr and swat the glittery gleaming yarn to him (the yarn is from a $125 sweater) so cough furball yet munch on tasty moths i could pee on this if i had the energy humans,humans, humans oh how much they love us felines we are the center of attention they feed, they clean . 

Stuff and things sleep all day whilst slave is at work, play all night whilst slave is sleeping. Purr as loud as possible, be the most annoying cat that you can, and, knock everything off the table fall asleep on the washing machine or furrier and even more furrier hairball or fight an alligator and win eat a rug and furry furry hairs everywhere oh no human coming lie on counter don't get off counter. Human give me attention meow meow go back to sleep owner brings food and water tries to pet on head, so scratch get sprayed by water because bad cat yet claw your carpet in places everyone can see - why hide my amazing artistic clawing skills? so hell is other people and cat mojo terrorize the hundred-and-twenty-pound rottweiler and steal his bed, not sorry. 